---
title: Jiggu Gifted 100g
subtitle: 
date: 2025-08-31
category: sheng
brand: Dayi
brand_zh: 
product: 
product_zh: 
year: 2012
regions: []
counties: []
areas: []
subareas: []
villages: []
image: 2025-08-31-jinggu-gift/1.webp
tags: [puerh, sheng, dayi]
---

Back in 2011 or 2012 i got that 100g mini beeng full of tips, but i'm not able to remember if i payed for it on a Taobao site I have ordered a few time, and selling lots of white labels, or if it was a gift from a tea marchant that was selling old puerh, from malaysia I guess, but i don't remember his name. 
At that time I know i trid the gifted mini beeng and thought it was rather terrible, it was a bit like making tea with straw. Was it the same? I believe it's more a teaI bought given the following:
The tea has obviously aged: after the rince the wet leaves are a bit smoky but let go some realistic leather aromas.
Quickly the leather will leave and it's going to be smocky and minty on the gaiwan lid. 
In the mouth it is a little astringent since the start, just a simple touch of honey at the beginning, then a bit of bitterness, but the common thread during the session is a nice note of vinegar that stays in the cavity and in the throat and evolutionates into a minty vinager aftertaste, this is quite pleasant. It's a bit the sort of thing we can find in some Lincang puerhs (mangfei, xigui,...)
After a few brews some rather strong tobacco flavor arrives and the aftertaste continue to bloom quite well in the mouth and in the throat.
I'm a bit suprised i really thought it was crap.
The tea can be pushed wihtout any issue, it does not make it too strong or too astringent, that's a good point.
Later brews have some xiaguan medecinal notes, it's pretty dynamic and changing, only the vinager note and the astringency remain.
I thought It would not be a great moment with that tea but i eventually could not do anything but focus on the session. The little astringency is a bit borring but apart from that that's rather good.
later brews are smoky with fading minty vinager, not great
Good surprise! I think it's a 2011 junggu then, probably not a gift, i'll try to find the other mini beeng, and compare to it.